import { Typography } from '@mui/material'

Please read this agreement carefully before using this website or
accessing services offered through this website. In using this website,
you agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that it&apos;s your
responsibility to periodically review the Terms of Use for changes and
ammendments.

### Visitors of this website

In using this website or services offered by this website, you are
entering into a lawful broker-consumer relationship with Right at Home
Realty .

This website and its services are intended for use by non-commercial
buyers and sellers of Real Estate. You must have a bona fide interest in
the purchase, sale, or lease of real estate of the type being offered
through this website. Any commercial use of this website, and/or its
services is strictly prohibited unless otherwise authorized in writing
by Right at Home Realty .

You use this website and the services offered by this website at your
own risk. The content on this website and the services offered by this
website are provided &quot;as is&quot; without warranty. In no
circumstance will Right at Home Realty Brokerage be held liable for
damages of any kind arising from the use of this website or services
offered by this website.

This website, including its content, and design may not be reproduced or
distributed in any form. All content on this website is owned by Right
at Home Realty Brokerage and all rights are reserved.

You may not not, directly or indirectly, display, post, disseminate,
distribute, publish, broadcast, transfer, sell or sublicense any Listing
Information to another individual or entity. The prohibited uses
expressly include “scraping” (including “screen scraping” and “database
scraping”), “data mining” or any other activity intended to collect,
store, re-organize, summarize or manipulate any Listing Information or
any related data.

You may not copy, redistribute, retransmit, or otherwise use any of the
data or Listing Information provided, except in connection with your
consideration of the purchase or sale of an individual property.

You acknowledge OREB&apos;s ownership of, and the validity of
OREB&apos;s proprietary rights and copyright in, the MLS® database,
OREB&apos;s MLS® System, Listing Information and any related
information.

### The Canadian Real Estate Association&apos;s Disclaimers

CREA is the owner of the REALTOR® and MLS® trademarks: “REALTOR®,
REALTORS®, and the REALTOR® logo are certification marks that are
owned by REALTOR® Canada Inc. and licensed exclusively to The Canadian
Real Estate Association (CREA). These certification marks identify real
estate professionals who are members of CREA and who must abide by
CREA&apos;s By-Laws, Rules, and the REALTOR® Code. The MLS® trademark
and the MLS® logo are owned by CREA and identify the quality of
services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA.

The information contained on this site is based in whole or in part on
information that is provided by members of The Canadian Real Estate
Association, who are responsible for its accuracy. CREA reproduces and
distributes this information as a service for its members and assumes no
responsibility for its accuracy

### Toronto Regional Real Estate Board&apos;s Disclaimers

Toronto Regional Real Estate Board&apos;s (“TRREB“) ownership of and the
validity of TRREB&apos;s proprietary rights and copyright in the MLS®
database, MLS® data, TRREB&apos;s MLS® System, and Listing
Information.

You will not, directly or indirectly, display, post, disseminate,
distribute, publish, broadcast, transfer, sell or sublicense any Listing
Information to another individual or entity. The prohibited uses
expressly include “scraping“ (including “screen scraping“ and “database
scraping“), “data mining“ or any other activity intended to collect,
store, re-organize, summarize or manipulate any Listing Information or
any related data

The Terms of Use agreement also expressly authorizes TRREB, and other
TRREB Members or their duly authorized representatives, to access the
VOW for the purposes of verifying compliance with MLS® Rules and
Policies (including the VOW Rules) and monitoring the display of
Members&apos; Listings by the VOW

Consent to the fact that your Personal Information, including first and
last name, email address, and phone number may be collected, used or
disclosed. The personal information may be shared with TRREB for
auditing and/or legal purposes.

The information here is deemed reliable but not guaranteed by TRREB