### General

Access to any company&#39;s website can be challenging for persons
having certain disabilities. A person&#39;s disability is often unique.
What may work well for one person, may cause difficulties for another
person. Our company has made efforts to accommodate as many of our
customers and potential customers as is reasonable given our size,
resources, and knowledge of our customers, and potential customer&#39;s
needs. To that end we have engaged the services of professionals to
assist and advise us in these matters.

### Accessibility on This Website
Our website provides a number of methods, features, and policies that
can help with access to our website and/or to products or services
provided or referred to on our website or by our business.

If you are having difficulty with access to our website even after
utilizing any access features within this website and/or any third party
or browser features, we invite you to contact us for further assistance.
Contact information is set forth below.

### Some Specific Accessibility Features within This Website

This website contains a plugin, also known as a Widget, called UserWay
Website Accessibility (&#34;UserWay&#34;), which is powered by a third
party dedicated accessibility server. The software allows us to improve
its access, particularly related to certain type of disabilities, and
UserWay has advised by way of its own accessibility statement that they
make efforts to follow the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG
2.1). On our website, the UserWay widget is located in the bottom-left
corner of most pages.

### Enabling the Accessibility Menu

The accessibility menu can be enabled by clicking the accessibility menu
icon that appears after clicking on the Widget described above. After
triggering the accessibility menu, please wait a moment for the
accessibility menu to load in its entirety.

### Disclaimer

We anticipate that from time to time, within our resources, we will be
making modifications to parts of our website, and possibly modifications
to accessibility of our website. Reasonable efforts toward improving
seamless, accessible and unhindered use of websites by customers and
potential customers is generally a worthwhile goal. Moving closer to
this goal will often depend on the knowledge the company has regarding
any particular difficulties those using the website might encounter, as
well as available resources and improvements with technology.

Despite the efforts we may have made regarding accessibility, consistent
with normal business practices for a company of or size and resources,
some content, features, processes, or policies, may be improved, so we
welcome your suggestions.

### We Are Here for You

If you are experiencing difficulties with any content on our website
because of a disability, or if you require assistance with any part of
our site because of your particular disability, please contact us and
let us know. We will be happy to assist.

If you have a disability that has caused or may likely cause you
difficulty in accessing or navigating any part of our website because of
your particular disability, you can email us, explaining in as much
detail as possible, what type of difficulty you had, or may have had, or
believe others may have. These types of emails should be sent to: [placeholder@test.com](mailto:placeholder@test.com)
for forwarding to us. Note: if the email is sent to a third party
website or mail server for forwarding to us, the third party website or
mail servers does not itself read or respond to these emails, but will
only forward such email to us without prior review.

In contacting us by email, your privacy will be strictly protected. This
means that you will not be required to provide any personal information,
including but not limited to your: Name, address, telephone number, the
specific type of disability you may have, information about goods,
products, or services you might be interested in, email address (unless
you include it in an email you send to us or to our representatives).