import Form from './Form.tsx'

### We will not spam you. Honestly.

Our goal is to develop a positive relationship with you by providing the
most professional experience possible.

Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. Below, we explain what
information we collect from you, why we collect it, and how we use the
information after it&apos;s collected. There are also some other topics
discussed as they relate to your privacy.

### Your Name

There are various forms on the website that ask you for your name. We
ask you for your name for no reason other than to know how to greet you
when we text, call, or email you in response to your request.

### Email Address

On the contact page of the website, there&apos;s a form that allows you
to email us a question. In this form your e-mail address is required. We
use your email address to send you a response to your question and will
not use your email for any other reason unless you specify that
you&apos;d like to subscribe to promotional information from us.

### Phone Number

Increasingly, customers prefer to text message us. For this reason, when
you have a question about a specific property, or you wish to book a
showing we ask you for your phone number so that we can conveniently
text you. We will not call you unless you specifically ask us to. We
will only use your phone number to text you in response to your request.

We may also ask you if you&apos;d like us to send you new properties
that interest you via text as they become available on the market,
however if you do not express an interest in this service we will not
text you properties.

### Cookies

We use cookies to improve your experience. Cookies allow us to
understand your specific interests so that we may customize your
experience on our website to better suit your needs. For example, if you
search for properties in “Vaughan”, the next time you visit our website
properties from “Vaughan” will appear automatically.

### Privacy Code of the Canadian Real Estate Association

We abide by the Privacy Code of the Canadian Real Estate Association.
For specific information, please view the following PDF:&nbsp;[http://www.mcsres.com/shared/PrivacyPolicy.pdf](http://www.mcsres.com/shared/PrivacyPolicy.pdf)

### Contact us

If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy
Policy, please contact us.

<Form />